{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f31\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f32\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f34\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f35\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f36\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f37\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f38\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Linguistics Department}{\operator Linguistics Department}{\creatim\yr1999\mo11\dy29\hr12\min28}
{\revtim\yr1999\mo11\dy30\hr10\min8}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords271}{\nofchars1547}{\*\company University of Georgia}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\ftnrestart\aftnnar\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1 {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1 }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab 
Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.  Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond
 
to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear
 to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia
 transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 
\par 
\par Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:
\par 
\par \tab The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South 
Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner\rquote s preliminary worksheets, }{\i tomorrow}{
, corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, }{\i I says/I said}{
, has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to
 those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in }{\ul 
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States}{, the following correspondences are noted:  
\par 
\par 
\par \tab 
\par }}