other bread from wheat flour (cl44#4.asc)

Items
=====
                       ash box roll    1
                        batter cake    5
                            biscuit   19
                        brown bread    2
                               buns    1
                               cake    4
                      cake of bread    1
                              cakes    1
                            cookies    1
                          doughnuts    1
                                dry    1
                          dumplings    1
                           flapjack    1
                              flour    1
                      flour muffins    1
                          fry bread    2
                        gingerbread    1
                           hoe cake    6
                          hoe cakes    2
                          hot rolls    1
                        johnny cake    1
                lead top and bottom    1
                        light bread    3
                         light roll    1
                        light rolls    1
                    lightning bread    1
                             muffin    7
                         muffin pan    1
                        muffin pans    1
                        muffin ring    1
                            muffins    5
                                 NR   13
                             nutmeg    1
                     out of mixture    1
                               oven    1
                                pan    1
                          pan bread    3
                            pancake    3
                                pie    1
                               pies    1
                       potato bread    1
                         pound cake    1
                       raisin bread    1
                      raising bread    1
                         rise bread    1
                               roll   13
                         roll bread    1
                              rolls   12
                          rye bread    1
                         shortbread    1
                           slapjack    8
                          slapjacks    1
                        sweet bread    2
                    sweetened bread    1
                           ton cake    1
                             waffle    6
                         waffle pan    1
                            waffles    5
                  wasp's nest bread    1
                        yeast bread   11
                         yeast cake    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



