looks like (cl65#3.asc)

Items
=====
           a chip off the old block    1
                          acts like    3
                     built like him    1
              didn't look much like    1
                        dying image    1
                              favor    5
                             favors    8
                       favors a rat    1
 following in his father's footstep    1
                     got your favor    1
                       he acts like    1
                           he favor    1
                he favor him father    1
                 he favor his daddy    1
                he favor his father    6
                          he favors    1
              he imitate his father    1
            he just like his father    1
   he look every spit of his father    1
        he look just like he father    1
       he look just like his father    4
                 he look like he pa    1
                   he look like him    1
            he look like his father    1
           he sure favor his father    1
   he the dying image of his father    1
           he took after his father    1
                     he's just like    1
              he's the image of him    1
         he's the spitting image of    1
he's the very spit of him who nailed you    1
     him is the image of his father    1
                              image    1
                           image of    1
                            is like    1
               is the spit image of    1
          is the spit of his father    2
                          just like    1
                just like his daddy    1
                          look like    4
                      look like him    1
                    looks just like    2
                         looks like    4
                                 NR   22
                                red    1
                          resembles    1
                          she favor    1
               she look like her pa    1
                         spit image    1
                            spit of    1
               take after his daddy    1
                        takes after    3
                  takes right after    1
  that boy take right at his father    1
           the boy favor his father    1
                   very spit of him    1

Pronunciations
==============
                                  "    3


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



