grew (cg65#6.asc)

Items
=====
                            bastard    1
                           bastards    1
                      bub sure grow    1
                          done grow    1
                               grew    5
                            grew up    7
                              grewn    1
                               grow    9
                            grow up    2
                             growed   14
                       growed a lot    2
                          growed up    6
                              grown    4
                           grown up    2
                       he been grow    2
                 he been grow a lot    1
                   he been grow big    1
                 he been grow large    1
                   he done grow big    2
                            he grow   15
                     he grow a heap    2
                        he grow big    1
                           it grown    1
            jump up all of a sudden    1
          jumped up all of a sudden    1
                             nipple    1
                                 NR   21
                           pacifier    1
                      shot right up    1
                          sugar tit    2
                   sure have growed    1
                      you been grow    1
                  you been grow big    2
   you been grow big since you gone    1
           you certainly grow large    1
                  you done grow big    3
                       you grow big    1
          you sure grow since I ***    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



