hers (cg43#4.asc)

Items
=====
                       'tis her own    1
                       'tis his own    1
                      'tis them own    1
                      'tis your own    1
                         'tis yourn    1
                            her own    4
                               hern    8
                               hers   14
                                his   11
                            his own    4
                               hisn   15
                        I and yours    1
                 I think it's yourn    1
                       it's her own   11
                          it's hers    7
                           it's his    3
                       it's his own    6
                          it's hisn   11
                       it's our own    5
                          it's ourn    3
                          it's ours   10
                        it's theirs    9
                      it's them own    6
                      it's they own    5
                 it's your hair pin    1
                      it's your own    4
                         it's yourn    2
                         it's yours   13
                           John own    2
                             John's    1
                       me and yours    1
                                 NR   17
                            our own    2
                               ourn   12
                               ours   15
                    that is her own    1
                    that is his own    1
                    that is our own    1
                   that is them own    1
                      that is yourn    1
                        that's ours    1
                       that's yours    1
                          their own    2
                             theirn   10
                            theirnt    1
                             theirs   15
                           them own    4
                           they own    1
                             us own    1
                           your own    4
                              yourn   22
                             yourns    1
                              yours   16


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



