I have my (cg12#2.asc)

Items
=====
                     ain't got much    1
                       ain't got no    1
                           cows got    1
                          folks got    1
                                got    1
                               have    1
                             he got    1
                he got a hard shell    1
                             he has    2
                            he have    2
                           he haves    1
                              I got   16
                      I got a drink    1
            I got a heap of trouble    1
             I got a little trouble    1
                     I got bad luck    1
              I got heap of trouble    1
                   I got me trouble    1
                  I got me troubles    1
                           I got my    3
                   I got my trouble    3
                  I got my troubles    2
                          I got one    1
                         I got some    1
                   I got some white    1
           I got troubles of me own    1
                              I has    1
                           I has my    3
                             I have    5
           I have a pain in the arm    1
                          I have me    1
                 I have me troubles    1
                          I have my   10
                  I have my trouble    1
                 I have my troubles    1
                        I never has    2
                           I've got    1
                             it got    1
                             it has    1
                            it have    2
                           it's got    1
                   mother have made    1
                        my wife got    1
                                 NR    5
                                our    1
                            she got    1
                            she has    2
                           she have    1
                      she have that    1
            she's always been scary    1
                          she's got    1
                          some have    1
                     some have none    1
                           they got    1
                       they got 'em    1
                           they has    1
                          they have    2
                      they have got    1
                             we got   13
           we got a heap of trouble    1
            we got a little trouble    1
                    we got bad luck    1
             we got heap of trouble    1
                         we got one    1
                         we got our    1
                 we got our trouble    2
                we got our troubles    3
                          we got we    2
                  we got we trouble    2
                         we has our    1
                          we has we    1
                            we have    4
          we have a pain in the arm    1
                        we have our   12
               we have our troubles    1
                    we have trouble    1
                we have we troubles    1
                           we haves    1
                  you feel timorous    1
                            you got    7
          you got a heap of trouble    1
           you got a little trouble    1
                   you got bad luck    1
            you got heap of trouble    1
                       you got your    3
               you got your trouble    4
              you got your troubles    3
                      you got yourn    1
                       you has your    2
                           you have    6
         you have a pain in the arm    1
                   you have trouble    1
                      you have your   12
             you have your troubles    2
               your mother have one    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



