people thinks (cg13#8.asc)

Items
=====
                     all of them is    1
                        how are you    1
                            it have    1
        nicest ones that comes here    1
                                 NR   11
                        people call    1
                       people comes    1
                       people think   11
              people think about do    1
              people think about it    1
             people think he did it    1
              people think he do it    2
            people think he done it    7
           people think him do them    1
                    people think so    2
                      people thinks   13
                      people use it    1
                          some have    1
                         some makes    1
                  some of them gets    1
                  some of them goes    1
                  some people think    2
                     them ones does    1
                         they cooks    1
                          they goes    2
                         they grows    1
                         they meets    1
                          they puts    2
                  they really think    1
                         they sells    1
                     they splits it    1
                         they stays    1
                         they think    1
                              think    2
                       think he did    1
                             thinks    1
                            we eats    1
                           we wants    1
                      what they say    1
                           you puts    2


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



