creek (cl30#6.asc)

Items
=====
                      Altmaha River    1
                   Appalachee River    2
                   Appomattox River    1
                       Ashley River    2
                     Atlantic River    1
            Back Summerville Branch    1
                       Bagel Branch    1
              Barber's Island River    1
                     Beaufort River    2
                   Beaver Dam Creek    2
                        Beech Creek    1
                          Big Creek    1
                         Bish Creek    1
                       Black Branch    1
                        Black Creek    1
                        Black River    3
                          Boggy Gut    1
                        Briar Creek    1
                    Brickyard Creek    2
                        Broad River    2
                   Broomfield Creek    1
                        Brown Creek    1
                        Brush Creek    2
                           Bull Run    1
                         Bush River    1
                     Calabash River    1
                    Cape Fear River    1
                  Cedar Point Creek    1
                Chattahoochee River    2
                  Chickahamni River    1
                       Cockaw Swamp    1
                            Conetoe    1
                  Contentment River    1
                        Cook Branch    1
                           Cook Run    1
                       Cooper River    2
                              Creek    1
                     Crescent River    1
                   Cretonbark River    1
               Crooked Gully Branch    1
                     Crowpen Branch    1
                        Cuson River    2
                       Daisy Branch    1
                    Darling's Creek    1
                         Dead River    1
                     Doughboy Sound    3
                   Dreighton Stream    1
                     Duckling River    1
                     Durand's Creek    1
                     Federica River    1
                 Fifteen Mile Creek    1
                    Frederica River    1
                        Ginny Creek    2
                   Greenbriar Creek    1
                         Gull River    1
                 Gulls Forks Branch    1
                        Gully Creek    1
                    Hancock's Creek    1
                   Hard Labor Creek    1
                    Harrington reek    1
                        Henry Creek    2
                    Hog Crawl Creek    1
                     Hollover Creek    1
                        Jacks Creek    1
                        James River    1
                      Jericho Creek    1
                          John Lake    1
                      Joycie Branch    1
                     Julinten River    1
                      Julolly Creek    1
                         Juna Creek    1
                      Juniper Creek    1
                       Kilton's Run    1
                         Kuda Creek    1
                        Laura Creek    1
                      Lillies Swamp    1
                  Lower Lotts Creek    1
                       Lumber River    1
                    MacIntyre Creek    2
                    Meredith Branch    1
                      Merle's Inlet    1
                         Mill Creek    1
                    Mill Run branch    1
                Mitchellville Creek    1
                      Moorman River    1
                        Moses Creek    1
             Mossy Island Big Creek    1
                 Mossy Island River    1
                          Mud River    1
                        Neuse River    1
                      Newport River    1
                       Nomini Creek    1
                North Scott's Creek    1
                                 NR    6
                    Oak Hill Branch    1
                        Ocoee River    1
                       Oconee River    1
                     Ogeechee River    2
                     Old Town Creek    1
                      Owner's River    1
                      Pee Dee River    2
                Pete Taylor's Creek    1
                   Phillip's Branch    1
                 Pine Hammock Creek    1
                     Port Royal Bay    1
                   Port Royal River    1
                      Potomac River    4
                      Raccoon Bluff    1
                 Rappahannock River    1
                        Reedy River    1
                     Richland Creek    1
                    Richland Stream    1
                        River Swamp    1
                      Roanoke River    1
                 Rock Comfort Creek    2
                       Rocky Branch    1
                        Rocky Swamp    1
                       Saluda River    2
                    Sandberry Swamp    1
                      Sanders Creek    1
                        Sandy Creek    3
                     Sankopen Creek    1
                       Santee River    2
                       Sapelo River    2
                       Sapelo Sound    1
                     Savannah River    2
                       Scotts Creek    1
                        Second Mill    1
                         Sham Creek    1
                        Shell Creek    1
                     Shellman River    1
                   Shelton's Branch    1
                      Six Run River    1
                              slant    1
                        Smith Creek    1
                      Smith's Creek    1
                South Newport River    1
                South Scott's Creek    1
                     Squirrel Creek    1
                     St. Helena Bay    1
                  St. Helena Island    1
                 St. Inigoe's Creek    1
                   St. Jerome Creek    1
                St. Katherine Sound    2
                   St. Mary's River    1
                        Steel Creek    1
                     Stewards Creek    1
                       Stonoe River    2
                      Sunbury River    1
                       Swains River    1
                       Swanee River    1
                      Sweats Branch    1
                          Tar River    1
                    Tawallit Branch    1
                       Tawny Branch    1
                       Thomas River    2
                  Upper Lotts Creek    1
                     Waccamaw River    2
                       Wader Branch    1
                        Wahoo River    1
                         Wahpoo Cut    1
                      Wallace River    1
                     Wallileg Creek    1
                        Wando River    1
                        Watch Creek    1
                      Wateree River    2
                  Well Branch Creek    1
                        White Creek    1
                       Widow Branch    1
                      Willow Branch    1
                         Wood Creek    1
                       Yameth Creek    1
                       Yellow River    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



