am I going to (cg24#7.asc)

Items
=====
                ain't I going today    1
             ain't no lotta getting    1
             ain't they going today    1
                         am I going    1
                      am I going to    3
             am I going to get some    1
                         am I gonna    2
                           are they    2
                     are they going    2
                  are they going to    2
              are they going to get    1
         are they going to get some    1
                     are they gonna    1
                         are we ***    1
                     are you coming    1
                      are you going    1
                              going    4
                           going to    1
                              gonna    1
                     he *** on foot    1
                        he go there    1
                       he more like    1
                  he something huge    1
                            I going    1
                  I like these kind    1
                         is I going   20
                      is I going to    3
             is I going to get some    2
             is I going to the city    1
           is I going to town today    1
                   is I going today    1
                  is I going today?    1
               is I the going today    1
                is them going today    1
                            is they    1
                      is they going   18
                   is they going to    3
          is they going to get some    2
          is they going to the city    1
        is they going to town today    1
                is they going today    1
                       is you going    2
                    is you half way    2
                                 NR   12
                      that the kind    1
               that the kind I like    1
                               them    2
                      them the kind    3
            them the kind I fond of    1
               them the kind I like    6
             them's the kind I like    2
                              thems    4
              thems the kind I like    1
                     these the kind    2
              these the kind I like    2
                         they going    2
                      they going to    1
            they is the kind I like    1
             they were going to get    1
                              we go    1
                           we going    1
                           we gonna    1
                    what am I going    1
                      what the name    1
               what you drive in it    1
                      you coming on    1
                             you go    2
                          you going    1
                       you going to    1
                 you just over here    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



