I've heard (cl12#3.asc)

Items
=====
                  ain't never heard    1
                           have you    1
  he been heard this thing too long    1
                            he done    1
                  he have hear that    1
                 he hear about that    1
                         he hear so    1
                       he hear that    1
                           he heard    2
                   he heard a noise    1
                  he heard about it    3
                he heard about that    3
                   he heard of that    4
                      he heard that    1
   he never heard nothing about him    1
                               he's    1
                               hear    3
                            hear it    1
                          hear tell    1
                              heard   16
                          heard 'em    1
                   heard about that    1
                           heard it    3
                           heard of    1
                        heard of it    4
                      heard of that    1
                         heard tell   13
                      heard tell of    1
                  heard tell of him    2
                         heard that    1
                          heared it    1
                     heared tell of    1
                            hearing    1
                       hearing tell    2
                       him heard it    1
                             Hudson    1
                       I 'm hearing    1
                 I ain't heard none    1
   I been heard this thing too long    1
                   I done heard him    1
                   I have hear that    1
                    I haven't heard    1
                  I hear about that    1
                          I hear so    1
                        I hear that    2
                            I heard    7
                    I heard a noise    1
                   I heard about it    3
                 I heard about that    3
                        I heard him    1
                    I heard of that    4
                 I heard people say    1
            I heard people say that    1
              I heard tell his name    1
                       I heard that    2
                  I heard that name    1
                       I never done    1
 I never heard of nothing about him    1
                          I'm heard    1
                     I'm just heard    1
                         I've heard   17
                      I've heard it    4
                  I've heard of him    1
                    I've heard tell    1
                 I've heard tell of    1
                    I've heard that    1
                          I've seen    1
                          if he got    1
                        never heard    1
                                 NR    5
they been heard this thing too long    1
                 they done heard of    1
                they have hear that    1
               they hear about that    1
                       they hear so    1
                     they hear that    1
                         they heard    2
                 they heard a noise    1
                they heard about it    3
              they heard about that    3
                 they heard of that    4
                    they heard that    1
 they never heard nothing about him    1
                            they've    1
          you been Miss Patsy house    1
                  you got something    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



