fool (cl73#4.asc)

Items
=====
                                ***    3
                     a borned idiot    1
                  a cubbitch person    2
                       a fool woman    1
                    a greedy person    1
                  a poor kin person    1
                              cheap    1
                              child    1
                        chinchy man    1
                        chucklehead    1
                              close    2
                       close person    1
                       close-handed    1
                      complete fool    1
                           crabbage    1
                          crackhead    1
                       crazy fellow    1
                         crazy fool    1
                       crazy person    1
                      crocky person    2
                           cubbitch   12
                    cubbitch person    1
                          damn fool    2
doesn't seem to be put together well    1
                         dough-head    1
                               dull    1
                          dumb-head    1
                              dummy    3
                            dunkify    1
                               fool   37
                            fooling    1
                            foolish    1
                        foolishness    1
                   good for nothing    1
                             greedy    1
                         greedy gut    1
                          greedygut    1
                          grudgeful    1
                         he so slow    1
                       he so stingy    1
            he very poking and slow    1
           he's a dull, lazy person    1
                  he's a greedy man    1
                  he's a stingy man    1
               he's a stingy person    1
                      he's cubbitch    1
                          he's dull    1
              he's good for nothing    1
                  he's narrow heart    1
                         he's silly    1
                  he's too cubbitch    1
                      he's too lazy    1
                    he's too stingy    1
                             heifer    1
                                hot    1
                              idiot    5
                           ignorant    1
                    ignorant person    1
                               lazy   11
                        lazy person    1
                         loggerhead    1
                            lunatic    1
                      mental-minded    1
                              miser    2
                           mixed up    1
                        mutton-head    1
                             nitwit    1
                                 NR   10
                           nuisance    1
                          numb-head    1
                           numbhead    2
                          numbskull    1
                              nummy    1
                          old miser    1
                         plain fool    1
                      she senseless    1
                              silly    1
                       silly fellow    1
                               slow    4
                           sluggish    1
                             sluggy    1
                      sluggy person    1
                              smart    1
                             stingy   10
                             stupid    3
                          that fool    9
                 that foolish woman    1
                  that no-sense boy    1
                      that's a fool    1
                              tight    1
                          tight man    1
                           tightwad    1
                         too stingy    1
                         very close    1
                              wench    1
                           you fool    1

Pronunciations
==============
                                  "    2


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



